hi YouTube hello YouTube is Christmas
sherry sorry that it's been so long and
we haven't made a video but we've been
tired so we want to catch you up the
last time that we made a video we were
going in for our first iui and since
then it's been like a month since that
day and we were not successful with our
first I Eli just to kind of walk you
guys through the process of what took
place I went in they did the
insemination and probably took about
four minutes through the whole process
for them to do the insemination they
showed us the valves and and all of that
a week after that I followed up with the
clinic and they check my progesterone
levels which is basically a hormone that
in your uterus that allows the egg to
implant in the uterus and they said my
progesterone levels were low so they
gave me a vaginal suppository to use
which I didn't use just because usually
if you're not pregnant and your
progesterone levels are regulated by
your menstrual cycle so I already felt
like I wasn't pregnant so I didn't want
to use the suppositories they gave when
I researched the the medication there
were a lot of extreme side effects to
the suppository so including cancer and
some other disturbing things that I just
didn't want to use them so I did so
needless to say we were not successful
the first iui since then
we went in and we had another IUI which
was what this week it was about four
days ago yeah and had the second I you I
so we are now in our second I you I
waiting we did not start on clothing yet
we are requested to go another natural
round so we're doing that we're in the
two week wait and if you've ever been in
the two week wait before the first time
it drove me mad I dreamt of babies I
will go researching babies i went to
sleep researching babies it was a
horrible two week wait and i think i
took about 10 pregnancy tests from that
whole two week wait time period thinking
I saw a line thinking I felt symptoms
it's really you can psych yourself out
the mind is crazy so this time around
I'm really more relaxed and sherry is
going through the I'm the more inches
when this go around as I'm just like
let's get pregnant and get on with it so
i'm the one it's like have you felt this
you need to eat you need this so
needless to say i'm the one this go
around this kind of anxious i guess the
sort of speed yeah so i'm just chillin i
actually forgot we had did the
insemination until she said she had been
dreaming the babies online and i was
like oh yeah
so this is our second I knew I again
natural cycle no medication they did
request me to go ahead and start the
suppository it's just in case the
progesterone level is low which I'm
hard-headed I'm not going to do oh and I
think one thing is you have to do your
own research just like with anything
else yes they are the doctors and they
are the sort of speed industry experts
but you still really have to do your own
research and you know the bottom line is
just your body you have to decide what
you will won't intake we did research on
the suppositories and we just you know
felt like we decided not to do them
we're not giving it by selling anyone
else that if a doctor prescribed until
you don't take them we just where we're
researchers and when we researched and
and solve the side effects we just felt
like it wasn't the best wasn't good in
the best interest for us so you know I'm
sure you know the clinical feels one way
about the suppositories and we feel
another so will you know go from there
yeah so we'll keep you guys posted in
what one and a half weeks when we go
back to have the pregnancy test
and we'll let you know how it turns out
till next time thank you i'll see you
again baby test